Feature/5 bug security legal policy (#6)
DuckDuckGroup/duckduckgroup.github.io: security.txt

-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA256

> # If you have any queries, please address them to the team leader, Jack Orcherton. His PGP key can be found below & submit your query on the contact form or reach out to him anyway on his personal website https://jackorcherton.github.io/.

Reviewer: Shameless plug much? x3 Just a small grammatical fix too -- gonna have to resign the doc ofc
```suggestion
# If you have any queries, please address them to the team leader, Jack Orcherton. His PGP key can be found below & submit your query on the contact form or reach out to him using the details provided [here](https://jackorcherton.github.io/).
```

Author: Ok you caught me 🤣
